The following safety guidelines are intended to prevent unforeseen risks or damage
from unsafe or incorrect operation of the appliance.
The guidelines are separated into WARNING and CAUTION as described below.
This symbol is displayed to indicate matters and operations that can
cause risk. Read the part with this symbol carefully and follow the
instructions in order to avoid risk.
WARNING - This indicates that the failure to follow the instructions can
cause serious injury or death.
CAUTION - This indicates that the failure to follow the instructions can
cause minor injury or damage the product.

To reduce the risk of explosion, fire, death, electric shock, injury or scalding
to persons when using this product, follow basic precautions, including the
following:

 Keep ventilation openings, in the appliance enclosure or in the built-in structure,
clear of obstruction.
 Do not use mechanical devices or other means to accelerate the defrosting process,
other than those recommended by the manufacturer.
 Do not damage the refrigerant circuit.
 Do not use electrical appliances inside the food storage compartments of the
appliance, unless they are of the type recommended by the manufacturer.
 The refrigerant and insulation blowing gas used in the appliance require special
disposal procedures. Consult with service agent or a similarly qualified person before
disposing of them.
 This appliance contains a small amount of isobutane refrigerant (R600a), natural gas
with high environmental compatibility, but it is also combustible. When transporting
and installing the appliance, care should be taken to ensure that no parts of the
refrigerating circuit are damaged.
 Refrigerant squirting out of the pipes could ignite or cause an eye injury.
 If a leak is detected, avoid any naked flames or potential sources of ignition and air
the room in which the appliance is standing for several minutes.
 The amount of refrigerant in your particular appliance is shown on the identification
plate inside the appliance.
 Never start up an appliance showing any signs of damage. If in doubt, consult your
dealer.
 Only an authorized repair person from LG Electronics service centre should
disassemble, repair, or modify the product. Contact LG Electronics service centre if
you move the product. Improper service may cause injury, electric shock or fire.

To reduce the risk of explosion, fire, death, electric shock, injury or scalding to
persons when using this product, follow basic precautions, including the
following:

 Product installation should be done only by LG service technician.
 Ground the product for safety. For more details on grounding, inquire at LG
Electronics service centre.
 For counter-top installation, install the product on a solid and flat area. If the product
is installed on an uneven floor, it can generate vibration and noise or cause
misalignment of the product.
 Do not install the product in a damp area and keep away from splashing rain or
water.
 This appliance is equipped with a cord having an equipment-grounding conductor
and grounding plug. The plug must be plugged into an appropriate outlet that is
properly installed and grounded in accordance with all local codes and ordinances. 
 Use only grounded extension socket outlets.
 Do not plug multiple products into multiple socket-outlets or extension cords.
 Do not touch the power plug with wet hands.
 Plug the power plug in the outlet tightly after removing the moisture and dust
completely.
 When pulling out the power plug from an outlet, hold the power plug, not the cable.
 If the power cable or power plug is damaged or the hole of the outlet socket is loose,
do not use the power plug and contact LG Electronics service centre.
 Unplug the power plug during thunder or lightening or when not in use for a long
period of time.
 Do not bend the power cable excessively or place a heavy object on top of it.
 Do not extend the length of the power cable or alter it.
 Do not plug and unplug the power plug repeatedly.

 In case of flood, stop using the product and contact LG Electronics service centre.
 If there is a gas leakage (isobutane, propane, natural gas, etc.), do not touch the
product or power plug and ventilate the area immediately. Sparks can cause
explosion, fire or injury. This product uses an eco-friendly gas (isobutane, R600a) as
the refrigerant. Although it uses a small amount of the gas, it is still combustible gas.
 Do not clean the product with brushes, cloths or sponges with rough surfaces or
which are made of metallic material.
 Immediately unplug the power plug and contact LG Electronics service centre if you
detect any abnormal noise, odour or smoke.
 Do not place hands or metallic objects below the product or heat releasing grill
(exhaust pipe) on the back .
 There can be sharp edges in a disassembled set, special care to be taken while
handling.
 Do not place heavy or fragile objects, liquids, combustible substances, or flammable
objects (such as candles and lamps) on or inside the product.
 Do not use or store flammable or combustible substances (ether, benzene, alcohol,
chemical, LPG, combustible spray, insecticide, air freshener, cosmetics, etc.) near
the product.
 If moisture penetrates inside the product, unplug the power plug and contact LG
Electronics service centre.
 If water is leaking from the inside of the product or water has collected near the
product, close the water supply valve, unplug the power plug, and contact LG
Electronics service centre.
 Do not move the product while the product is plugged in.

To reduce the risk of minor injury to persons, malfunction, or damage to the
product or property when using this product, follow basic precautions, including
the following:

 Connect the water pipe of the product to tap water only. Water other than tap water
can increase the risk of exposure to disease.

 Hot water may spattered, so install the drain hose carefully to the drain.


 Replace the filter with a LG standard filter periodically according to the replacement
period. Older filters can multiply bacteria or change the taste of the water. The filter
replacement period varies according to the usage, place of usage, season, and water
quality.
 When using hot water,
use a container with a handle. (Only applicable to a model with
hot water function)
 If the drip tray of the product protrudes from a desk or table, do not place any article on
top of the drip tray.
 Take care against the possibility of damaging the pipe (inlet, outlet) in order to prevent
water leakage.
 When cleaning the product, unplug the power plug.
 Do not allow anyone to hang from or climb on the product. Be particularly cautious of
children operating the product.




 Keep a distance of over 10 cm between the back
and sides of the product and the wall for smooth
ventilation. Not doing so can cause malfunctions.


Connect the product hoses as shown below.
 Connect the white (water supply) hose to tap
water.

 When connecting the water hose, do not connect it
to the hot water pipe. Doing so may cause
malfunctions.

 Install the blue (drain) hose on the sink.

 Check the pipe and hose connection for leaks.
Water can leak and cause electric shock or injury.
 When transporting the product, do not tilt the
product over 30 degrees. Doing so can cause
malfunctions.
 Install the product in an indoor place with a
surrounding temperature of over 5 C and less than
43 C. Not doing so can cause malfunctions.


 Avoid installing the water purifier in a place with an
uneven ground, a large amount of moisture, direct
sunlight, dust and direct water splashing.
blue hose



Connect the power plug to an appropriate socket.



Open the water supply valve.



After tank is full, discharge the water for first time.
(approximately time taken to fill the tank to fullest is
1hour, depending on water pressure, temperature
etc.)


Notes for Operation
 Open the water supply valve. The water purifier
operates normally only when water is supplied
properly.



 When the hot water and cold water temperature
icons are turned off, check if the power supply has
been suspended due to power failure or other

reasons.
 It is very important to replace the filter periodically in
order to drink clean water. When using an expired
filter, the performance of water filtration system can
deteriorate. Always abide by the filter replacement
period.

(For WW1* Series)
 If the product has not been#used for a long period of
time, discharge cold water , ROOM TEMP., and hot
water # for 10 minutes each, and then use. Old water
can multiply bacteria or change the water taste.


 Do not use purified water for replacing water in the
humidifier or fishbowl. Leaving purified water as it is
for a long period of time can multiply bacteria.
 Use the product only after closing the product cover
completely. Otherwise, insects or other foreign
substances may get in.

Note

Water level indicator

 The reverse osmosis contains a replaceable
treatment component critical for the effective
reduction of total dissolved solids and that product
water shall be tested periodically to verify that the
system is performing properly.

The water level of the storage tank is displayed in
3 levels.

 Do not use with water that is microbiologically
unsafe or of unknown quality, without adequate
disinfection before or after the system.

 The icon is divided into 3 levels according to the
water level, and as more indication lamps turn
on, the water level becomes higher.
However, the water level cannot be adjusted
discretionally.



Suggestion for energy saving
 If the product will not be used for a long period of
time, unplug the power plug and drain the water
inside the water filtration system completely.
 In case the hot water or cold water function will not
be used, turn the hot water or cold water function
off. 




Purified water is sterilized by the UV LED.
Blue color indicates that UV sterilization is ON
& White color indicates that UV sterilization is OFF.
(When tank cover is open, UV LED will be
automatically turned OFF for your safety.)



When you press the touch lever, purified water will come
out.


If you wish to discharge continuously, lift the touch lever
upward.


The UV LED operates in any of the following 2 cases.
 It operates for 75 minutes after every 6 hours.
 It operates for 75 minutes after approximately 2
seconds when power is turned on following a power
failure.


When the color of indicator changes from blue to
amber, this indicates that it is time for preventive
maintenance service. Please call LG customer
care for service.

Open the valve. You can rinse fruits and vegetables,
wash dishes and brush your teeth.
The function discharges water while the valve is opened.


Do not use this water for drinking and cooking.


Separate the top cover by lifting it upward, and
then unlock the storage tank cover.
Caution : Handle with care, sharp edges may
cause injury.


Drain water inside the storage tank completely
using the drain hose and the water outlet.
However, do not discard drained water.


Caution : Do not put pressure or weight on tank
cover, it may cause damage or injury.


Wipe the surface of the storage tank with a soft clean
cloth.




Unplug the power plug.

Rinse the storage tank with the drained purified
water and drain the water completely.
Caution : Take care of water spattering, it may cause
electric shock.


Insert and lock the storage tank cover.



Separate the drip grid by pulling it upwards.
Caution : Handle with care, sharp edges may
cause injury.



Close the top cover, plug in the power cord and
open the water supply valve.



Some time is necessary to fill water in the tank.
Wait approximately 1 hour, and then press the touch
lever and check if water comes out. However, the
time to fill water may vary according to the water
pressure.

 Unplug the power plug when cleaning the storage
tank.
 Do not clean the tank using tap water.



Separate the drip tray by pulling it forward.


Clean it with water.



Install the drip tray on the product.



Place the drip grid on the drip tray, adhere it to the
front side of the product closely, and gently push it
to install.

Wipe the surface of the drip tray with a soft clean
cloth.

 Do not use chemical or detergent for cleaning the
storage tank. Chemical or detergent will not be
washed away completely, it can be harmful to the
human body.



Clean the water outlet periodically using a soft
clean brush. Fur or foreign substances can
accumulate in the water outlet.

 Caution should be taken. If a large amount of water
is in the drip tray, water can spill out when separating
the drip tray.


 Removes big particles, rust stains, mud etc.


 Removes unseen dregs and other contamination.



 Removes invisible fine particles, residual chlorine,
VOC(Volatile Organic Compounds) etc.




 Removes dissolved impurities and removes heavy
metals, bacteria, viruses, VOC etc. from water.

 Do not use water drained from the product for
drinking or cooking.


 Removes odour & improves taste of water.



 Use the water instead for cleaning the bathroom and
house, doing the laundry or for other various
purposes.
 Activated carbon inside the filter may sometimes
flow in the storage tank. If so, a fine powder of
activated carbon used in the post-carbon filter has
come out, and it is harmless to the human body. If
found, drain out the water from tank completely.

 Add minerals in the purified water without mixing
impure water.

The filter replacement period refers to the period that the
purification performance of the filter is maintained.
And, the replacement period is lesser in the case
of a place with poor water quality or a large purification
amount.



 Removes big particles, rust stains, mud etc.




 Removes only bacteria and fine particle substance.


 If you wish to replace the filter, contact LG Electronics
service centre.
 After replacing the filter, check if there is a leak from
the product.
 After installation, when tank is full discard the water
for first time. (approximately time taken to fill the tank
to fullest is 1hour, depending on water pressure, temp
etc.)
 Around 25% of supplied
water (based on the tap water
pressure of 3.5 kgf/cm2 at the water temperature of 25
C) will be purified and the remainder will be drained.



Water does not come
out.

 The taste of water may change as it ages
due to bacterial multiplication. Use the
water purifier after discharging cold
water , hot water and ROOM TEMP.
for 10 minutes each.

Has it been a long time since you
installed and replaced the filter?

 If an expired filter is used, the
purification performance may decline.
It is recommended to replace the filter
according to the filter replacement period.



 Request for filter replacement.



 Open the water supply valve.

Did you miss the filter
replacement period?

 Request filter replacement.


 Open the water supply valve.

Is the power plug unplugged from
the outlet?

 Plug the power plug in the outlet correctly.

Does water not come out when

you press the discharge button?

 Contact LG Electronics service centre.


Cold water , hot water
or ROOM TEMP. water
does not come out.



 Press the power button on the control
panel to turn it on.

Have you left the water purifier
for a long period of time
without using it?
Water tastes strange.

The purification amount
has reduced suddenly.


 If you have discharged a lot of cold water
so that there is little water in the storage
tank, cold water may not come out. Wait a
while until water is filled inside the storage
tank and then use. (Only applicable to
models with a storage tank)
 If you discharge a large amount of cold
water at once, the temperature of cold
water inside the cold water tank will rise.
Wait a while until cold water becomes
colder and then use. (Only applicable to
models with a cooling tank)
 If you discharge a lot of hot water at once,
the temperature of hot water inside the
hot water tank drops and tepid water may
come out. Wait a while until hot water
becomes hotter and then use. (Only
applicable to models with a hot water
tank)



 If you have discharged a lot of purified
water (including Room Temp.) so that
there is little purified water in the storage
tank, purified water may not come put.
Wait a while until water is filled inside
the storage tank and then use. (Only
applicable to models with a storage tank)



 Install the product in a place with a flat
and even surface.



 Adjust the installation position to ensure
there is enough space around the
product (10 cm). 



 Remove the article placed on top of the
product.



Cold water , hot water
or ROOM TEMP. water
does not come out.


The product is
noisy and generates
abnormal sounds.

No ice forms in
the product. (Only
applicable to models

with ice function)



 Put on the ice machine cover.


 Use the product after 6 hours have
passed since tap water and power were
supplied.

 Water bubbles may form in the draining
process. It is safe for you to drink.

Fine particles occur in
the purified water.



 If fine particles exist continuously after
you receive water from the water purifier
and several minutes have passed,
cut off the tap water supply and power
supply and contact LG Electronics service
centre.


This warranty card is valid only for products
sold by LG Electronics in the Indian Market.

THIS WARRANTY IS NOT TRANSFERABLE
AND IS APPLICABLE TO THE ORIGINAL
PURCHASER ONLY.
FILL OUT THIS RECORD AND KEEP IT
TOGETHER WITH YOUR
PURCHASE DOCKET IN A SAFE PLACE.
SHOULD YOU REQUIRE SERVICE UNDER
THE TERMS OF THIS WARRANTY,
PLEASE CONTACT US.



Should your LG product fail due to a defect in material or
workmanship under normal home use during the warranty period
set forth below, the company will repair or replace the product upon
receipt of proof of original retail purchase.
This warranty is valid only for the original retail purchaser of the
product and applicable only to a product sold in India by the
companys authorized dealer.


The LG Water Puriers comes with a 1 year warranty from the
date of purchase. The 1 year warranty covers all functional parts
(except consumables all inside lters, plastic parts), provided
the warranty card bears the rubber stamp, date, and signature
of our Authorized Dealer.
If the original date of purchase cannot be veried from
the proof of purchase, the warranty will begin 3 months
after the manufacturing month, which shall be veried
based on the serial no./barcode label on the product.


LG Electronics India Pvt. Ltd. (LGEIL/the Company) offers you
limited warranty for products sold within the territories
of India and guarantees that the product is free from defects in
material and workmanship, according to the following terms and
conditions:
Repairs under warranty shall be carried out by
authorized service personnel only. The details of
centralized help lines are provided in the overleaf.
In case of repairs or replacement of any part of the
unit, this warranty will thereafter continue and remain
in force only for the unexpired period of the warranty.
Replacement of parts will be solely at the discretion of
LGEIL. In case the replacement of the entire unit is
made, (subject to the sole discretion of LGEIL), the
same model shall be provided as replacement; if such
model has been phased out, the equivalent model as
determined by LGEIL shall be provided as
replacement.
In case of repair, LGEIL shall endeavor to use new
parts. If new parts are not available, however, then
LGEIL will have every right to use refurbished parts.
The warranty on replacement model / Refurbished part
shall remain in force only for the unexpired period of
the warranty based on original purchase.
The company or its Authorized Service Center
reserves the right to retain any part or component
replaced at its discretion in case of a defect
discovered in the equipment during the warranty
period.
The company offers 3 free visits for PM (Preventive
Maintenance) in which complete Electrolysis
Sterilization will be done & out-sediment Pre Filter
Candle will be replaced at each visit.
If any of the colored internal or external components is
replaced, LGEIL is committed to ensuring that the
shades match the original or other components. The
replaced shades, patterns, or tints may vary from the
customers unit due to continuous usage of the unit.
Any matching component changed at the customers
request other than the component that is actually
needed will be charged.This warranty will automatically be terminated upon
the expiration of the warranty period specied above,

even if the LG product may not be in use at any time
during the warranty period for any reason.
8. In case of any unpredicted situation, and spares are not
available, LGs prevailing depreciation policy (subject to
the sole discretion of LGEIL, may be changed without prior
notice) will be applied to the product as a solution.
9. Only courts in the state of Delhi and places where LGEIL
has a branch ofce shall have jurisdiction over the
settlement of any and all claims and disputes arising
during the warranty.

Visiting charges of the service engineer for units installed
beyond the municipal limits of the jurisdiction of the
companys Authorized Service Center. All expenses
incurred in collecting the units or parts thereof from the
companys authorized service center as well as expenses
incurred from deputizing service personnel/technicians for
conveyance and other incidentals, etc., shall be borne by
the customer. Local charges for transportation and
handling charges may vary by location. Customers are
advised to verify in advance. If the customer wishes to
bring the unit on his/her own to an authorized service
center, such shall be at his/her own risks & consequences.
Reinstallation or uninstallation of product based on
customer demand. Packing material, if used, will also be
charged.
Transportation cost in case customer is moving the
product to another location.
Damage resulting from operating the product in a corrosive
atmosphere or contrary to the instructions outlined in the
products owners manual.
Replacement of all inside lters (Sediment, Pre carbon,
Post Carbon, RO Membrane) are not covered by this
warranty.
 Damage to the product caused by accidents, pests and
vermin, lightning, wind, re, oods, or acts of God.
 Damage resulting from misuse, abuse, improper
installation, repair, or maintenance. Improper repair
includes use of parts other than those approved or
specied by LGEIL.
Damage or failure caused by unauthorized modication or
alteration or use for purposes other than the intended
purpose or any water leak in case the unit was not
properly installed.
Damage or failure caused by incorrect electrical current,
voltage, or inadequate electrical services, commercial or
industrial use, or use of spurious/fake accessories or
components or cleaning products other than those
approved by LGEIL.
Damage caused by transportation and handling, including
scratches, dents, chips, and/or other damage to the nish
of your product, unless such damage is caused by a defect
in materials or workmanship and reported within fteen (15)
days of delivery (Call 1800-315-9999, 1800-180-9999)
Damage or missing items of any display, open box,
discounted or refurbished product.
Free accessories provided external to the product.
Damage to the product if the customer has the product
repaired by an unauthorized dealer/person.
Upon removal, tampering, or alteration of the serial
number/identication labels on the machine or any of its
components.